README.md, before:

# AI Training Materials
Making AI for Everyone Possible


## Contents

| S.No |  Division                             | Description                                                          | Link           |
|:----:|    :------------:                        |     :--------------:                                                   |    :--------:        |
| 1    | Text-Analytics   | Introduction, Text: Processing, Representation, Classification, Recognition, Transfer Learning for Text|[Link](https://github.com/rbg-research/AI-Training/tree/main/text-analytics)|
| 2    | Voice-Analytics  | Introduction, Voice: Processing, Representation, Classification, Separation, Recognition, Synthesis |[Link](https://github.com/rbg-research/AI-Training/tree/main/voice-analytics)|
| 3    | Vision-Analytics | Introduction, Vision: Processing, Representation, Classification, Segmentation, Detection, Registration, Transfer Learning for Vision |[Link](https://github.com/rbg-research/AI-Training/tree/main/vision-analytics)|
| 4    | Python for AI    |Introduction, Data Types, Control Flows, Text IO, Image IO, Audio IO, Numpy, Pandas, Scikit-Learn, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Keras|[Link](https://github.com/rbg-research/AI-Training/tree/main/python)|

Commit message:

Add Ai training docs to main read me file

README.md, after:

# AI Training Materials
**Making AI for Everyone Possible**

We at RBG.AI upskilling and reskilling workforces to adhere to the new age AI projects. Focused in delivering high performance with optimal cost & time.

As Digital transformation becomes the core of business strategies spanning all industry segments and markets, Workforces should prepare to adapt to the change of AI-driven digital transformation.

We bring efficient training through Learn-Experiment-Share-Seek platform. Delivering AI centric Design-Develop-Debug-Deploy-Delivery to bridge the gap between AI Research and Business Requirement.

Lets help your workforce to attain the multidisciplinary expertise in handling Text-Voice-Vision-Numeric Analytics to reduce the uncertainty nature of the AI Solutions.

## Contents

| S.No |  Division                             | Description                                                          | Link           |
|:----:|    :------------:                        |     :--------------:                                                   |    :--------:        |
| 1    | Text-Analytics   | Introduction, Text: Processing, Representation, Classification, Recognition, Transfer Learning for Text|[Link](https://github.com/rbg-research/AI-Training/tree/main/text-analytics)|
| 2    | Voice-Analytics  | Introduction, Voice: Processing, Representation, Classification, Separation, Recognition, Synthesis |[Link](https://github.com/rbg-research/AI-Training/tree/main/voice-analytics)|
| 3    | Vision-Analytics | Introduction, Vision: Processing, Representation, Classification, Segmentation, Detection, Registration, Transfer Learning for Vision |[Link](https://github.com/rbg-research/AI-Training/tree/main/vision-analytics)|
| 4    | Python for AI    |Introduction, Data Types, Control Flows, Text IO, Image IO, Audio IO, Numpy, Pandas, Scikit-Learn, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Keras|[Link](https://github.com/rbg-research/AI-Training/tree/main/python)|
